In the previous lecture, we have seen this problem statement now in this lecture, we will see how
spring guitarist resolves this problem.
So, for example, we're using Masika database, so we will use the spring data GPA in our spring wood
application and spinning that a GPA provides GPA repository under the GPA repository.
There are a couple of methods, for example, find all using which we can get all the records from the
sequel table find by ID, using which we can get the single record by primary key.
Or, you can say, by unique identifier from the sequel table.
So metal using which we can create and update the record to the sequel table, delete my I.D. using
which we can delete the record from the sequel table.
So all these methods are provided by a repository so that we don't need to write native sequel committees
in our Springwood application.
There are other methods as well, but I am not listing down all over here.
OK, so the purpose is we don't need to write the IT equal queries if we are using these methods.
Now, look at these matters.
OK, here we are, getting the data we can create and update the data.
And also we can delete the data.
So using these methods, we can perform the crud operations over the sequel table using our springboard
application.
Now here comes spring guitarist.
It takes this a step forward.
So what splinted arrest does is it is using these methods and exposing them as wristbands.
So here using this Bain methods, we are getting the data right.
So spring, that arrest will expose them as it did the big database.
Using the same method, we can create or update the record, right?
So this will be exposed as at the post and will debut by the spring guitarist.
And this will be exposed as a tidbit.
Billy dpa.
Now, look at this one, OK?
These are our crowd operations using a TDB bigot board port in daily debates, and all these labels
will be automatically provided by spring.
The guitarist here, spring guitarist will work with the repository and it will use all these methods
and will expose all these APIs automatically.
Now let's go back to our problem statement.
So if we are using the traditional view right to how the app is, then we need to have the controller
and service layer.
But now if you use the spring guitarist, then we don't need a controller and service layer at all.
And this is the advantage of Spring Day guitarist.
We just need the repository and A.D. glass, and obviously we are having the database right.
And as I said, this repository depends on which database we are using.
If it is cycle database, then there will be a repository if it is MongoDB.
Then there will be spring data, MongoDB.
But the main part is we don't need to have this controller in service layer.
OK.
If you just want to have the APIs, we can go with the spring data.
Rest Spring guitarist will work with the repository and A.D. Glass to how the cloud APIs automatically.
Now you may be thinking, OK, how we can, how that is deployed in our spring wood application without
having the controller in service layer.
Yes, that's possible.
And that is possible only with the spring data rest.
And that's what you will learn in this course.
If you want to know more about Spring Guitarist, then you can check out the official page provided
by spring.
So let's jump to browser.
So this we have already seen that in one of the previous lecture dam projects putting data.
Now here is the sub project spring data.
Just click on it.
You can read out disinformation, what a spring guitarist, OK, now let's come down.
And this is the important part, OK, that as of now, spring guitarist currently supports GPA, MongoDB,
Neo4j, Salat, Cassandra, Gem, Fire.
We note eight.
If we are using the sequel databases, then we use spring data, AGP Spring Data, MongoDB for MongoDB
database, spring data, Neo4j for the Neo4j database and same for this database is.
Now, let's say you are using the spring day to realize that it's not possible to have the spring date
arrest to automatically have the great apes.
Why?
Because spring data doesn't provide support for spring data release.
See, this is clearly mentioned.
What here?
OK, this only supports sequel databases.
MongoDB, Neo4j, Salat, Cassandra and Gem Player.
You can take out this page, OK, because it may be possible that in the future spring, the Tories
will provide the support for other databases.
But for now, it provides support for these databases.
Whatever mentioned what here, so that's all about the spring guitarist and will proceed further in
the next lecture.
Thank you very much.